 video snaps
 like standing up and showing of their fit  
 say u smell good or have nice hair
 smile 
 when they just giggle or stumble over their words 
 when they shy
 when she plays with your hair
 whe she wants you to put ur head on her lap and then keeps talking 
 when she is super passionate about something and just keeps talking about it and you can just listen to it for hours
 when you offer for example your jacket and she wears it and tries to act casual but knowing it made her day
 or that happy lil dance they do somethings
 when she opens up to you
 when  ur talking in a group and u cross eyes and you just smile at each other
 or when she remmbers something personal about me and just casually brings it up idk kmakes me feel apprieciated and listend too 
 bruh when she rests her head on your should u just whabfahjfa 
 or when she wants to show u something she is proud off
 or when she just talks and talks and talks and then stops to ask if she is annoying and its just the cutest thing beceause she isnt
 when she starts talking or texting first or when she textes you goodmorning or goodnight first it just makes you feel secure like someone thinks bout u from time to time
 or when u ask her how her dayt was and she just tells yiu everything
 or when she wants a hug with out you asking them
 when she just excists tbh 
 and like when she looks at you and then smiles my confidence be shooting up
 when she slowly touches/ carrases your arm or back 
 when she sends a goodmorning or goodnight text first
 when she initiates convedrsations and keeps them going 
 the last hug when u say goodbye and its just a little longer then normal and she doesnt really want to let going
 when she finds your soft side cute and nice and not weak and funny
 when u hear her sing or dance
 
 
  
 
	
Things lotte does that i like

 Video snaps
 like standing up and showing of their fit  
 smile 
 when they just giggle or stumble over their words 
 when they shy
 when she is super passionate about something and just keeps talking about it and you can just listen to it for hours
 or that happy lil dance they do somethings
 when she opens up to you
 or when she remmbers something personal about me and just casually brings it up idk kmakes me feel apprieciated and listend too
 or when she wants to show u something she is proud off
 or when she just talks and talks and talks and then stops to ask if she is annoying and its just the cutest thing beceause she isnt
 or when u ask her how her day was and she just tells you everything
 
 


Good nicknames to call lotte

9.5/10 - 6/10 = Princess ( My princess 8/10)
9/10 = Sweetheart
8.5/10 = sweetie
8/10 = love
9/10 = babe
9/10 = pumpkin / my little pumpkin :plead:
9/10 = my cute potato (emphasis on MY tip for next time)



you are my cute potato my adorable pumpking my sweet honey my beautifull darling my gorgeus princess my hot babe and my wholesome love

smart funny cute awesome adorable amazing gorgeous beautifull sweet nice kind loving hot wholesome thoughtfull



Food to make lotte happy:

1. Happy hippo  = https://www.bol.com/nl/p/chocolade-kinder-happy-hippo-10-x-5-stuks/9300000001338263/ = 29,99
2. Roze donuts = (maybe https://www.jjdonuts.nl/product/love-hearts-donut-box/ ) ??????????? Foodsies
3. Nutella




What to do while hs eis on her period

1. don't be annoying!
2. she hold herself back and when she knows u she blows up
3. DONT ASK HER IF SHE ON HER PERIOD
4. Nutella
5. Cuddles
6. Hugs 
